log rotation: max archives (#5831)
hashicorp/consul: website/source/docs/agent/options.html.md

* <a name="_log_rotate_duration"></a><a href="#_log_rotate_duration">`-log-rotate-duration`</a> - to specify the maximum duration a log should be written to before it needs to be rotated. Must be a duration value such as 30s. Defaults to 24h.

> * <a name="_log_rotate_max_files"></a><a href="#_log_rotate_max_files">`-log-rotate-max-files`</a> - to specify the maximum number of older log file archives to keep. Defaults to 0 (no files are ever deleted). To keep no log file archives use a negative number (e.g.: -1).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* <a name="_log_rotate_max_files"></a><a href="#_log_rotate_max_files">`-log-rotate-max-files`</a> - to specify the maximum number of older log file archives to keep. Defaults to 0 (no files are ever deleted). Set to -1 to disable rotation and discard all log files.
```
